-----Lewitt2009   30 constraints-----
population size = 574
number of generations = 1722
Generation Begin!
Generation: 1
Generation: 2
Generation: 3
Generation: 4
Generation: 5
Generation: 6
Generation: 7
Generation: 8
Generation: 9
Generation: 10
Generation: 11
Generation: 12
Generation: 13
Generation: 14
Generation: 15
Generation: 16
Generation: 17
Generation: 18
Generation: 19
Generation: 20
Generation: 21
Generation: 22
Generation: 23
Generation: 24
Generation: 25
Generation: 26
Generation: 27
Generation: 28
Generation: 29
Generation: 30
Generation: 31
Generation: 32
Generation: 33
Generation: 34
Generation: 35
Generation: 36
Generation: 37
Generation: 38
Generation: 39
Generation: 40
value =  0 required = True AssignTimeConstraint
value =  0 required = False SplitEventsConstraint
value =  0 required = False SplitEventsConstraint
value =  0 required = False SplitEventsConstraint
value =  50 required = False PreferTimesConstraint
value =  52 required = False PreferTimesConstraint
value =  26 required = False PreferTimesConstraint
value =  26 required = False PreferTimesConstraint
value =  0 required = True PreferTimesConstraint
value =  47 required = True PreferTimesConstraint
value =  274 required = True PreferTimesConstraint
value =  4 required = False LinkEventsConstraint
value =  4 required = False LinkEventsConstraint
value =  4 required = False LinkEventsConstraint
value =  4 required = False LinkEventsConstraint
value =  4 required = False LinkEventsConstraint
value =  4 required = False LinkEventsConstraint
value =  4 required = False LinkEventsConstraint
value =  4 required = False LinkEventsConstraint
value =  4 required = False LinkEventsConstraint
value =  4 required = False LinkEventsConstraint
value =  4 required = False LinkEventsConstraint
value =  4 required = False LinkEventsConstraint
value =  4 required = False LinkEventsConstraint
value =  4 required = False LinkEventsConstraint
value =  4 required = False LinkEventsConstraint
value =  4 required = False LinkEventsConstraint
value =  4 required = False LinkEventsConstraint
value =  4 required = False LinkEventsConstraint
value =  15 required = True AvoidClashesConstraint

best random:  Cost(Infeasibility_Value=336, Objective_Value=226)
value =  0 required = True AssignTimeConstraint
value =  0 required = False SplitEventsConstraint
value =  0 required = False SplitEventsConstraint
value =  0 required = False SplitEventsConstraint
value =  60 required = False PreferTimesConstraint
value =  60 required = False PreferTimesConstraint
value =  24 required = False PreferTimesConstraint
value =  24 required = False PreferTimesConstraint
value =  0 required = True PreferTimesConstraint
value =  11 required = True PreferTimesConstraint
value =  161 required = True PreferTimesConstraint
value =  4 required = False LinkEventsConstraint
value =  4 required = False LinkEventsConstraint
value =  4 required = False LinkEventsConstraint
value =  4 required = False LinkEventsConstraint
value =  4 required = False LinkEventsConstraint
value =  4 required = False LinkEventsConstraint
value =  4 required = False LinkEventsConstraint
value =  4 required = False LinkEventsConstraint
value =  4 required = False LinkEventsConstraint
value =  4 required = False LinkEventsConstraint
value =  4 required = False LinkEventsConstraint
value =  4 required = False LinkEventsConstraint
value =  4 required = False LinkEventsConstraint
value =  4 required = False LinkEventsConstraint
value =  4 required = False LinkEventsConstraint
value =  4 required = False LinkEventsConstraint
value =  4 required = False LinkEventsConstraint
value =  4 required = False LinkEventsConstraint
value =  12 required = True AvoidClashesConstraint

---Genetic Evaluation---
 Cost(Infeasibility_Value=184, Objective_Value=240)
number of iterations = 4605
value =  0 required = True AssignTimeConstraint
value =  0 required = False SplitEventsConstraint
value =  0 required = False SplitEventsConstraint
value =  0 required = False SplitEventsConstraint
value =  44 required = False PreferTimesConstraint
value =  50 required = False PreferTimesConstraint
value =  14 required = False PreferTimesConstraint
value =  16 required = False PreferTimesConstraint
value =  0 required = True PreferTimesConstraint
value =  1 required = True PreferTimesConstraint
value =  9 required = True PreferTimesConstraint
value =  4 required = False LinkEventsConstraint
value =  4 required = False LinkEventsConstraint
value =  0 required = False LinkEventsConstraint
value =  4 required = False LinkEventsConstraint
value =  4 required = False LinkEventsConstraint
value =  4 required = False LinkEventsConstraint
value =  4 required = False LinkEventsConstraint
value =  4 required = False LinkEventsConstraint
value =  4 required = False LinkEventsConstraint
value =  4 required = False LinkEventsConstraint
value =  4 required = False LinkEventsConstraint
value =  4 required = False LinkEventsConstraint
value =  4 required = False LinkEventsConstraint
value =  4 required = False LinkEventsConstraint
value =  0 required = False LinkEventsConstraint
value =  0 required = False LinkEventsConstraint
value =  4 required = False LinkEventsConstraint
value =  4 required = False LinkEventsConstraint
value =  6 required = True AvoidClashesConstraint

---Simulated Annealing Benchmark Evaluation ---
 Cost(Infeasibility_Value=16, Objective_Value=184) 

Lewitt2009 finished in 199.99092197418213 seconds.
