-----FinlandHighSchool   31 constraints-----
population size = 100
number of generations = 172
Generation Begin!
Generation: 1
Generation: 2
Generation: 3
Generation: 4
Generation: 5
Generation: 6
Generation: 7
Generation: 8
Generation: 9
Generation: 10
Generation: 11
Generation: 12
Generation: 13
Generation: 14
Generation: 15
Generation: 16
Generation: 17
Generation: 18
Generation: 19
Generation: 20
Generation: 21
Generation: 22
Generation: 23
Generation: 24
Generation: 25
Generation: 26
Generation: 27
Generation: 28
Generation: 29
Generation: 30
Generation: 31
Generation: 32
Generation: 33
Generation: 34
Generation: 35
Generation: 36
Generation: 37
Generation: 38
Generation: 39
Generation: 40
Generation: 41
Generation: 42
Generation: 43
Generation: 44
Generation: 45
Generation: 46
Generation: 47
Generation: 48
Generation: 49
Generation: 50
Generation: 51
Generation: 52
Generation: 53
Generation: 54
Generation: 55
Generation: 56
Generation: 57
Generation: 58
Generation: 59
Generation: 60
Generation: 61
Generation: 62
Generation: 63
Generation: 64
Generation: 65
Generation: 66
Generation: 67
Generation: 68
Generation: 69
Generation: 70
Generation: 71
Generation: 72
Generation: 73
Generation: 74
Generation: 75
Generation: 76
Generation: 77
Generation: 78
Generation: 79
Generation: 80
Generation: 81
Generation: 82
Generation: 83
Generation: 84
Generation: 85
Generation: 86
Generation: 87
Generation: 88
Generation: 89
Generation: 90
Generation: 91
Generation: 92
Generation: 93
Generation: 94
Generation: 95
Generation: 96
Generation: 97
Generation: 98
Generation: 99
Generation: 100
Generation: 101
Generation: 102
Generation: 103
Generation: 104
Generation: 105
Generation: 106
Generation: 107
Generation: 108
Generation: 109
Generation: 110
Generation: 111
Generation: 112
Generation: 113
Generation: 114
Generation: 115
Generation: 116
Generation: 117
Generation: 118
Generation: 119
Generation: 120
Generation: 121
Generation: 122
Generation: 123
Generation: 124
Generation: 125
Generation: 126
Generation: 127
Generation: 128
Generation: 129
Generation: 130
Generation: 131
Generation: 132
Generation: 133
Generation: 134
Generation: 135
Generation: 136
Generation: 137
Generation: 138
Generation: 139
Generation: 140
Generation: 141
Generation: 142
Generation: 143
Generation: 144
Generation: 145
Generation: 146
Generation: 147
Generation: 148
Generation: 149
Generation: 150
Generation: 151
Generation: 152
Generation: 153
Generation: 154
Generation: 155
Generation: 156
Generation: 157
Generation: 158
Generation: 159
Generation: 160
Generation: 161
Generation: 162
Generation: 163
Generation: 164
Generation: 165
Generation: 166
Generation: 167
Generation: 168
Generation: 169
Generation: 170
Generation: 171
Generation: 172
value =  0 required = True AssignTimeConstraint
value =  0 required = True SplitEventsConstraint
value =  52 required = True PreferTimesConstraint
value =  27 required = True PreferTimesConstraint
value =  40 required = True SpreadEventsConstraint
value =  57 required = True AvoidClashesConstraint
value =  2704 required = False LimitIdleTimesConstraint
value =  3969 required = False LimitIdleTimesConstraint
value =  0 required = False LimitBusyTimesConstraint
value =  0 required = False LimitBusyTimesConstraint
value =  0 required = False LimitBusyTimesConstraint
value =  0 required = False LimitBusyTimesConstraint
value =  0 required = False LimitBusyTimesConstraint
value =  1 required = False LimitBusyTimesConstraint
value =  16 required = False LimitBusyTimesConstraint
value =  36 required = False LimitBusyTimesConstraint
value =  25 required = False LimitBusyTimesConstraint
value =  49 required = False LimitBusyTimesConstraint
value =  64 required = False LimitBusyTimesConstraint
value =  16 required = False LimitBusyTimesConstraint
value =  49 required = False LimitBusyTimesConstraint
value =  4 required = False LimitBusyTimesConstraint
value =  4 required = False LimitBusyTimesConstraint
value =  36 required = False LimitBusyTimesConstraint
value =  25 required = False LimitBusyTimesConstraint
value =  9 required = False LimitBusyTimesConstraint
value =  36 required = False LimitBusyTimesConstraint
value =  16 required = False LimitBusyTimesConstraint
value =  36 required = False LimitBusyTimesConstraint
value =  1 required = False LimitBusyTimesConstraint
value =  0 required = False LimitBusyTimesConstraint

best random:  Cost(Infeasibility_Value=176, Objective_Value=7096)
value =  0 required = True AssignTimeConstraint
value =  0 required = True SplitEventsConstraint
value =  0 required = True PreferTimesConstraint
value =  0 required = True PreferTimesConstraint
value =  14 required = True SpreadEventsConstraint
value =  41 required = True AvoidClashesConstraint
value =  16 required = False LimitIdleTimesConstraint
value =  4 required = False LimitIdleTimesConstraint
value =  0 required = False LimitBusyTimesConstraint
value =  0 required = False LimitBusyTimesConstraint
value =  0 required = False LimitBusyTimesConstraint
value =  0 required = False LimitBusyTimesConstraint
value =  0 required = False LimitBusyTimesConstraint
value =  1 required = False LimitBusyTimesConstraint
value =  16 required = False LimitBusyTimesConstraint
value =  25 required = False LimitBusyTimesConstraint
value =  25 required = False LimitBusyTimesConstraint
value =  36 required = False LimitBusyTimesConstraint
value =  36 required = False LimitBusyTimesConstraint
value =  9 required = False LimitBusyTimesConstraint
value =  16 required = False LimitBusyTimesConstraint
value =  4 required = False LimitBusyTimesConstraint
value =  4 required = False LimitBusyTimesConstraint
value =  16 required = False LimitBusyTimesConstraint
value =  16 required = False LimitBusyTimesConstraint
value =  9 required = False LimitBusyTimesConstraint
value =  16 required = False LimitBusyTimesConstraint
value =  16 required = False LimitBusyTimesConstraint
value =  25 required = False LimitBusyTimesConstraint
value =  1 required = False LimitBusyTimesConstraint
value =  0 required = False LimitBusyTimesConstraint

---Genetic Evaluation---
 Cost(Infeasibility_Value=55, Objective_Value=291)
number of iterations = 460516
value =  0 required = True AssignTimeConstraint
value =  0 required = True SplitEventsConstraint
value =  0 required = True PreferTimesConstraint
value =  0 required = True PreferTimesConstraint
value =  0 required = True SpreadEventsConstraint
value =  11 required = True AvoidClashesConstraint
value =  0 required = False LimitIdleTimesConstraint
value =  0 required = False LimitIdleTimesConstraint
value =  0 required = False LimitBusyTimesConstraint
value =  0 required = False LimitBusyTimesConstraint
value =  0 required = False LimitBusyTimesConstraint
value =  0 required = False LimitBusyTimesConstraint
value =  0 required = False LimitBusyTimesConstraint
value =  1 required = False LimitBusyTimesConstraint
value =  16 required = False LimitBusyTimesConstraint
value =  25 required = False LimitBusyTimesConstraint
value =  25 required = False LimitBusyTimesConstraint
value =  25 required = False LimitBusyTimesConstraint
value =  25 required = False LimitBusyTimesConstraint
value =  16 required = False LimitBusyTimesConstraint
value =  25 required = False LimitBusyTimesConstraint
value =  4 required = False LimitBusyTimesConstraint
value =  4 required = False LimitBusyTimesConstraint
value =  25 required = False LimitBusyTimesConstraint
value =  25 required = False LimitBusyTimesConstraint
value =  9 required = False LimitBusyTimesConstraint
value =  25 required = False LimitBusyTimesConstraint
value =  16 required = False LimitBusyTimesConstraint
value =  25 required = False LimitBusyTimesConstraint
value =  1 required = False LimitBusyTimesConstraint
value =  0 required = False LimitBusyTimesConstraint

---Simulated Annealing Benchmark Evaluation ---
 Cost(Infeasibility_Value=11, Objective_Value=292) 

FinlandHighSchool finished in 6225.345322132111 seconds.
