-----Sudoku4x4   10 constraints-----
Generation Begin!
Generation: 1
Generation: 2
Generation: 3
Generation: 4
Generation: 5
Generation: 6
Generation: 7
Generation: 8
Generation: 9
Generation: 10
Generation: 11
Generation: 12
Generation: 13
Generation: 14
Generation: 15
Generation: 16
Generation: 17
Generation: 18
Generation: 19
Generation: 20
Generation: 21
Generation: 22
Generation: 23
Generation: 24
Generation: 25
Generation: 26
Generation: 27
Generation: 28
Generation: 29
Generation: 30
Generation: 31
Generation: 32
Generation: 33
Generation: 34
Generation: 35
Generation: 36
Generation: 37
Generation: 38
Generation: 39
Generation: 40
Generation: 41
Generation: 42
Generation: 43
Generation: 44
Generation: 45
Generation: 46
Generation: 47
Generation: 48
Generation: 49
Generation: 50
Generation: 51
Generation: 52
Generation: 53
Generation: 54
Generation: 55
Generation: 56
Generation: 57
Generation: 58
Generation: 59
Generation: 60
Generation: 61
Generation: 62
Generation: 63
Generation: 64
Generation: 65
Generation: 66
Generation: 67
Generation: 68
Generation: 69
Generation: 70
Generation: 71
Generation: 72
Generation: 73
Generation: 74
Generation: 75
Generation: 76
Generation: 77
Generation: 78
Generation: 79
Generation: 80
Generation: 81
Generation: 82
Generation: 83
Generation: 84
Generation: 85
Generation: 86
Generation: 87
Generation: 88
Generation: 89
Generation: 90
Generation: 91
Generation: 92
Generation: 93
Generation: 94
Generation: 95
Generation: 96
Generation: 97
Generation: 98
Generation: 99
Generation: 100
value =  0 required = True AssignResourceConstraint
value =  0 required = True AssignResourceConstraint
value =  0 required = True AssignResourceConstraint
value =  0 required = True AssignResourceConstraint
value =  0 required = True AssignTimeConstraint
value =  2 required = True PreferResourcesConstraint
value =  2 required = True PreferResourcesConstraint
value =  2 required = True PreferResourcesConstraint
value =  2 required = True PreferResourcesConstraint
value =  8 required = True AvoidClashesConstraint

best random:  Cost(Infeasibility_Value=16, Objective_Value=0)
value =  0 required = True AssignResourceConstraint
value =  0 required = True AssignResourceConstraint
value =  0 required = True AssignResourceConstraint
value =  0 required = True AssignResourceConstraint
value =  0 required = True AssignTimeConstraint
value =  1 required = True PreferResourcesConstraint
value =  0 required = True PreferResourcesConstraint
value =  2 required = True PreferResourcesConstraint
value =  0 required = True PreferResourcesConstraint
value =  3 required = True AvoidClashesConstraint

---Genetic Evaluation---
 Cost(Infeasibility_Value=6, Objective_Value=0)
value =  0 required = True AssignResourceConstraint
value =  0 required = True AssignResourceConstraint
value =  0 required = True AssignResourceConstraint
value =  0 required = True AssignResourceConstraint
value =  0 required = True AssignTimeConstraint
value =  0 required = True PreferResourcesConstraint
value =  1 required = True PreferResourcesConstraint
value =  1 required = True PreferResourcesConstraint
value =  0 required = True PreferResourcesConstraint
value =  1 required = True AvoidClashesConstraint

---Simulated Annealing Benchmark Evaluation ---
 Cost(Infeasibility_Value=3, Objective_Value=0) 

Sudoku4x4 finished in 7.299923896789551 seconds.
